# Marketing Console Standup

**Meeting Date:** 22nd Jan, 2026 - 8:30 AM

---

**Nicolas Sementilli** *[00:26]*: How you doing? 
**Alison Bulmer** *[00:28]*: I'm doing good. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[00:31]*: Doing good, doing good. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[00:34]*: How's the winter back in the Northeast? I heard it's a little chilly. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[00:40]*: Crazy. We're getting a huge storm, which is gonna be brutal, like 10 to, I think, like 14 inches. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[00:48]*: Oh, my God. Wait, when is that? I knew it was gonna be, like, cold. I didn't know that there was gonna. You guys were getting a lot of snow, though. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[00:54]*: Yeah, it's gonna be like all day Sunday into Monday. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[00:58]*: Wow. Yeah, I know. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[01:03]*: We were supposed to go to New York City. It was like Kyle's family Christmas trip that were doing, and we decided to postpone it because we would have been coming home like, Sunday afternoon, evening, and they're supposed to literally get like 14 inches. So it was like, maybe we shouldn't drive home in that. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[01:22]*: Yeah, that's probably a good call, but that's. That's annoying that you have to reschedule it. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[01:27]*: Yeah, of course. It's like the one major storm happens to fall on that weekend, but it's all right. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[01:35]*: That is crazy. That's too much snow. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[01:38]*: I know. How has it been there weather wise? Like 60s? 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[01:42]*: It's been good. We had like a week stretch where they get like those like, Santa Ana winds that like, come from the desert. So it was like high 70s for like a week. And now it's back to like normal, which is like mid-60s, so. Yeah. Yeah, it's. I don't know. Well, I was just telling dan in my L10. I was like, I think we'll be. We'll definitely be in Rhode island this summer, but we may consider another travel position next school year in like, Florida or something because I don't know, it's. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[02:18]*: Definitely nice to escape the. The Christmas. I mean, the winter. Yeah. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[02:23]*: Yeah. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[02:24]*: Crazy. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[02:25]*: Yeah. We'll have to see, but. All right. Yeah. So this is like just the first stand up. We'll usually have these, like, each day, but if there's like no updates or I'm just like working on something, I can let you know. And we can always remove these too for certain days. So. Yeah, I should be getting started on this today. I think what would be helpful is just kind of like zoning in on the first priority of like the content engine and just like getting some extra details there to get started. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[03:03]*: So here. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[03:07]*: Yes, Content engine main priority. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[03:10]*: And see, let me see if there's anything in the change log for that first. Internal Content Database LinkedIn post as inputs. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[03:30]*: Yeah, I think, like, the best bet is going to be literally getting as much data that we can feed it. So like Dan's LinkedIn posts, our LinkedIn posts, which those will be a little bit trickier to get, but I think we can still like, manage to do it. We have the capacity, like with Emma and Sophia to kind of like pull it and then all of the blogs and like website stuff, I think will be pretty easy. I can just export, I think like a site kind of wide content from Duda, but like just as much content as possible that we can get in there to kind of show examples and then also train it on what we have and what we are missing. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[04:18]*: Okay. So just to like outline everything that we'd want to bring into the database. So. So we have like LinkedIn posts, blogs, articles. Do we want to bring in like transcripts of like YouTube videos or anything like that too, or. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[04:41]*: Yeah, I think we do all of the YouTube videos. We talked about doing the meeting transcripts. Maybe if there's a way that we can kind of write that in there in a different way. It's like not content, but it will help create the content when we get to that level of it. Let me think what else. That's probably it. I think a lot of it is going to come from the website because there's just tons of content on there, but definitely like the videos as well. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[05:17]*: Okay. So yeah, and if there's. If there's any like area where it's like especially difficult to try to round everything up, I can even look into if there's like a web scraper or something that we can use to build. Help build that database like automatically as well. So consider there. So yeah, I think that's definitely a big piece is bringing that all together into the database so it can train off of it. So that's high priority. And then what do we want? Like, what is like one of the first things you could see like in the console itself in terms of what it should actually like take action on and complete. Like, is it like this workflow of like a topic radar or like what can you. As like one of the main, like first things to build out in there? 
**Alison Bulmer** *[06:23]*: It's a tough question, I think. I don't know what to do as like necessarily the first one, but maybe just kind of talking through it, like, definitely having it like the main goal is for it to have all the knowledge. And then we could go in there and say, like, help me create a new blog that is around these keywords, whatever. And then within that, like, can you also make sure that you backlink to other content on our website that is relevant. Can you add relevant FAQs to the bottom of it and make sure it's like optimized? Whatever. Things like that I would say. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[07:16]*: Would. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[07:16]*: Probably be number one. And then I think number two is more of like finding out what those topics are that we can create content on. So having it have all of this data and maybe we have it. I don't know exactly how, but figure out a way that. Where it can see the gaps for us. Like it knows we have all of this content, but we don't have content on this and here's why this content would be valuable. And then we can go ahead and say, okay, can you create content then for that based on the knowledge that you have about us and what we do and how we talk in our content and then link. So it kind of will all like link together. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[08:01]*: Okay, yeah. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[08:02]*: I'm trying to think if it sounds like this mainly should be like a true agent or chatbot, like with freedom of like what that input is going to look like. Do you think that would kind of fit for this solution better than say, like, there's different spots in the console where it's like, oh, blog generation here and you can like enter like a topic, idea or something. Like you'd prefer just more of like a agent that like goes from start to finish or like producing ideas and then like generating off of them and stuff like that. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[08:53]*: I think as long as there's like, you don't have to start at the starting point because there could be, let's say Dan throws an idea at us. Like, if we already have the idea, as long as we could start kind of anywhere within the workflow, like, we don't have to start with. Give me an idea. It could be like, here's the idea that I have now. Can you do this? Or even like the workflow number three, the repurpose factory. Like, I don't know if that should be its own thing or also within this chatbot, because it's like it's going to be using the same data, but what we're asking is going to be different because it's going to be like, we have this content already. Can you now create it into something else? 
**Alison Bulmer** *[09:38]*: And then also the refresh is like, we have this content already. How can you refresh it with the knowledge that you currently have on interlinking and whatever like that? So it's kind of, I don't know, like, if it's best to have these all, like have one with all the data that's duplicated and then is like that or if it's fine. Just like. I don't know if it'll be too confusing to have all of it as one. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[10:02]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[10:04]*: More so for the agent, less for us, I guess. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[10:08]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[10:10]*: I think, yeah. Part of it will just be like testing it out technically to see what would perform better. Like whether it's like a true chat agent that can maybe delegate to separate agents to kind of like have like more detail on each section of like. Oh, like for repurposing or for new ideas or for that. So that's. I think that's one option so I can kind of play around with that idea. And then second would be structuring the page in a way where it's like they are all separate workflows. But you can like you said, like jump into any stage of it. Like you don't need to like generate the idea and then create the brief and then build it out. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[11:08]*: Like it would, you can kind of. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[11:10]*: Jump into like any section and give like your input. The second one would definitely be like. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[11:18]*: More like. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[11:22]*: You could kind of fine tune it like each task more independently. But. But again, I don't think that's as great of a user experience for something like this. So I think I'll have to kind of compare those two. Okay, so these like another thing. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[11:44]*: Just thinking I'll let you kind of decide on like the structure of it. Like I trust your judgment on how you want to do that. One other thing I'm thinking is. Or like the current content on the website, I can pull that for you. But how will we make it so that as we are adding new things to the website or let's say like creating content on YouTube, whatever, like making sure that is still getting populated in it as well. And that might be a question for further down. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[12:15]*: But yeah, that is a good question. And, and that's. That kind of is what makes me wonder if it does make sense to build out some type of like web scraper automation or maybe even something more native like depending on the platform if they offer something like that. Because if we go the route like, oh, let's put in all this manual work to round everything up and export it in at once. Like you said, like that doesn't solve like for the future when more content released. So like if we already need an automation to keep it up to date at that point it might make sense for that automation to be built to backfill based off of current and then fill ongoing. So That's a good idea too. So I think that's something I can do. Definitely check out. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[13:18]*: Okay, so LinkedIn posts, YouTube videos. And so, like, are the articles and blogs, like, separate in the website? Like, are those, like, two separate, like, categories? 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[13:31]*: Or. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[13:32]*: I would say blogs and case studies. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[13:35]*: Would be the two separate blogs and case studies. Okay. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[13:39]*: Yeah. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[13:40]*: How's that? So YouTube videos, LinkedIn posts from Dan and like the growth Lab profile, and then blogs and. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[13:55]*: Even, like, just website pages as well. Because for the interlinking, like, we want also it to know our service pages and about page, like, stuff like that. That way it links those as well. So just like all website URLs I think would be relev. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[14:13]*: Okay, cool. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[14:14]*: So that, I think that's a big one. Is finding the best way to bring in that data initially and then also keep that ongoing as more updates are released. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[14:29]*: Yeah. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[14:29]*: And then I think another big piece, like I said, is deciding between one main conversational agent that can talk to and delegate tasks to separate agents, or building out the console to be more like, workflow specific, but can jump into anyone at any point. So these four workflows here. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[14:55]*: See, there's a note here. LinkedIn content. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[15:03]*: So these, like, at least at a high level, like, these all are very, like, would be really nice to have in the console. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[15:14]*: Yeah. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[15:15]*: Okay. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[15:15]*: I would say for the, like, brief builder, such like the content one, maybe within there we add the, like, Tim's sales meetings or even just like any of the sales meetings, because that will kind of help us build new content. Like, that's the purpose of that one, is that stuff coming out of those meetings will help us generate new content ideas of, like, what people are asking, what are we talking about? And then are there gaps within our current content from what people are asking and what they're talking about in these meetings. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[15:55]*: Okay. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[15:56]*: And I think, like, even. I don't know if, like, we could start with Tim sales calls, but I think even like, some of the other fireflies calls, like, from actual, like, customer meetings, like from accounting or fpa, whatever. I think also could. I know some of it's probably. I don't know how that would work with, like, when they're actually talking about finances and stuff like that. But that's something that we could discuss with Dan on, like, how we could do that. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[16:28]*: Yeah. So do we want to zone in on any, like, specific type of call, like review calls, or just like, any kind of, like, customer call that like, an internal team member has? 
**Alison Bulmer** *[16:47]*: I don't know, because I Don't know what all of the calls are. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[16:50]*: Yeah. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[16:51]*: But we could like base it off of like different reviews. Like they're standing meetings that they have. Because that just gave me another idea. Like what. Because they're all titled the same. Like if I could say, okay, take all the transcripts from the accounting review calls with this customer and help me create a case study on what we did for this customer and how we work with this customer, like that would be amazing too. So I think there's so many layers to this. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[17:22]*: Yeah. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[17:22]*: That it could be helpful for. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[17:24]*: Yeah. And I think once like probably even going into tomorrow, like the AI is like very good at building out like visually like what a lot of this can look like. So once that's like kind of like down on the website, I think it kind of sparks a lot of ideas and like how it can get deeper and how it can look and how it can help like guide the user through, you know, these different workflows and stuff like that. So that's going to be really cool to see. I'm excited for that. Yeah, I think that. So that's a. Definitely a big piece too is. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[18:02]*: Yeah. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[18:03]*: Those meetings. Yeah. Like in the past at least. Like we're kind of just like reviewing them in real time and then like surfacing, you know, for instance, like the cross sell opportunities. Yep. So yeah, when it goes about storing them in a database, I'd have to see what the compliance would have to be. Or maybe the database itself, to be honest, might be already compliant because I think kind of locked down and I think we already, I don't know, have a right to their data or whatever when they sign the agreement, stuff like that. So we'll have to see. So that's a good point too. So definitely meetings in terms of staying out within the database to help with the content engine. Okay. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[18:52]*: Yeah. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[18:55]*: Let me see a change log here. What do we mention? 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[19:00]*: Internal content database links and posts alongside Semrush and competitors. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[19:10]*: And where does Semrush still come into play here if it is possible to get data from there, I think. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[19:21]*: What would be valuable from that is almost if I could pull all of the stuff that Semrush audits are cite for when looking at blogs for like SEO, if like almost like a checklist that way then we can put that into the chat bot, whatever it is and say like here's the requirements when creating content, like make sure it hits all of these check boxes. The competitor stuff is a little tricky. I feel like that. Might not need to happen in this one yet. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[20:06]*: Okay, so semrush could be used or at least like in an ideal state. Like if the content engine is generating, you know, if it goes and generates a new blog or case study or something, when it has that draft, it can like use Semrush to know like, okay, what needs to be refined to hit all of these like criteria. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[20:34]*: Yeah, and I don't even think that really needs to be connected to SEMrush for that specific thing because as long as we have like exactly what the checklist is, we could just have that inputted. I don't think it'll actually need to cross reference with SEMrush at all. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[20:51]*: Okay, cool. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[20:52]*: So we just like. Yeah, depending on Semrush and they're like API capabilities. Otherwise we can just kind of use like marketing best practices to make sure that it's like using that to self refine the content before producing like a final copy. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[21:13]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[21:14]*: Okay. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[21:16]*: Brief builder. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[21:18]*: So that was for Topic Reef Radar. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[21:26]*: After topic acceptance agent draft saves to. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[21:29]*: Google Docs or text file. No major changes. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[21:35]*: AI generated long form content. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[21:42]*: Got it. So this is just saying like being able to repurpose from like long form content to other areas and then this would be more from already uploaded content to. Yeah, got it. Okay, so repurpose Factory. I guess the, I guess it doesn't really need to natively accept videos. It can, it can accept like video transcripts probably to make that a little bit easier. Okay, type. Got it. So refresh Finder can kind of use and like this traffic. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[22:49]*: Okay, so that's when we would need semrush's API if we could. Because what that does is semrush has all of the data of the like rankings of the keywords and like our web pages. The traffic is estimated. So I don't know if that the traffic would more so come from Google Analytics. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[23:20]*: Okay. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[23:21]*: Which we could probably connect as well. But then it's kind of like. Yeah, I don't know, like this is where I get torn is like how like there's so many parts of it. It's like do we want to just start with like getting the content in there or I don't know because this then is like another layer to having it in there. Which is fine. It would be amazing basically saying like okay, we have all these current blogs on the website. If we're trying to, let's say refresh content, where should we start? Based on low traffic, declining rankings and Google Trends Saying like this keyword should be higher or something like that. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[24:07]*: And then it would say, hey, the 13 week cash flow blog could use an update because it's going down and ranking and traffic has not been as high this month as it was last month or something like that. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[24:23]*: Yeah, I think, yeah, I think it's kind of like going to be like come in sections a little bit. So yeah, if we can build like the automations to scrape some of that data and bring it in, hopefully how that could work is like that data that gets pulled in, if there's some form of like identification that comes through that can then help link that piece of content to like the data that it has in like Semrush and Google Analytics and then it will like extend the data that is attached to that piece of content. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[25:08]*: Okay, yeah, I think for that the best way would be just through the URL. That's going to be how it's connected on like all platforms. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[25:17]*: Okay, cool. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[25:18]*: Yeah, so that, yeah, I think that could definitely work. Whether that's all in one database or if it's like there's a content database with the pure content and then it can like link to, here's the analytic table for it and then SEMrush and XYZ. Yeah, no, this is gonna be cool. I feel like this is gonna be like a different type of project for me. Yeah, I feel like this one definitely has like, I don't know, like most of the time like everyone kind of gets like excited about like oh, like everything's an agent and like I'll just talk to it and it will do everything. But then when you get like into the details of it, you're like, oh, like this is not like this doesn't really need to be an agent. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[26:10]*: Like this is just kind of like a workflow and it's like very structured. But like this one I, I could definitely see being like a true agent where it's like it's trained on a lot of these best practices and just has access to all these different databases that have like the content, the analytics and all of that. And then like sub agents that are trained to be able to create certain types of content so that it can like there's like the main chat bot that like you're always just having a conversation like in one spot, but at the same time it's like relying on other agents to have like detailed experience on. Oh, I make short form content. Here's what that should look like. In this one I make Articles and stuff like that. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[27:08]*: So okay, so it's almost like the sub agents would be like these work. Individual workflows within it basically. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[27:18]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[27:19]*: And you can get like, it can get like very granular. Like I think if especially like as we test it out and want to get better and better results where it's like it could be like main agent and then like agent for new ideas and brief and full content. Like that's one level of it. Like if we only need to go that far or it's like the actual content generation like agent can have more agents where it's like I'm trained on YouTube shorts and I'm trained on LinkedIn posts and stuff like that. So I think that could be interesting. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[28:08]*: Be sick. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[28:09]*: Yeah, that would be cool. That'd be cool. Okay. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[28:15]*: Yeah, I think this was super helpful. I think this is a great first meeting to like just get some extra details. You probably notice I'm going to like reiterate stuff a lot just to make sure like important things are picked up by fireflies because I heavily rely on fireflies for this. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[28:35]*: Yeah, that's okay. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[28:36]*: So yeah, I think from this we can, I can like build out like a visual mock up of what this can look like and even like it does a pretty good job of like filling in like test data to show like what that experience will look like and then obviously that will have to be replaced with the real data from the database and then the automations and agents and stuff like that. I should have time to work on that today and then present it tomorrow and then we can see how it looks, refine it and see where to go from there. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[29:13]*: Okay. Is there anything that you need from me today at all for that? 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[29:18]*: I don't think so. If I need something I'll definitely make sure to shoot you a slack. But I do think the plan as of right now is because I think like one of the big tasks for you is like gathering that content. But I do think it probably would better if I can build something to scrape that and bring it in because then there's like data standardization and then as it gets updated it keeps getting reflected in there. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[29:50]*: So yeah, awesome. All right, sounds good. Well, thank you. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[29:55]*: Yeah, of course. 
**Alison Bulmer** *[29:56]*: I'll see you tomorrow. 
**Nicolas Sementilli** *[29:57]*: Yes, see you tomorrow. Have a good one. Bye. Bye. 
